## Python OOP Assignment
Q1. What is the purpose of Python's OOP?
Ans.The purpose of Python's Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) is to organize code into reusable and self-contained objects, 
    allowing for better structuring, abstraction, 
    and encapsulation of data and functionality.
Q2. Where does an inheritance search look for an attribute?
Ans.An inheritance search looks for an attribute in the following order:
    First, it checks the instance itself.
    Then, it checks the class.
    Finally, it checks the base classes (superclasses) in the order they are defined.
Q3. How do you distinguish between a class object and an instance object?
Ans.A class object represents the class itself and contains attributes and methods that apply to the class as a whole.
    An instance object is a specific instance of a class, containing its own unique data and state.
Q4. What makes the first argument in a class’s method function special?
Ans.The first argument in a class's method function, conventionally named self, refers to the instance that the method is operating on. 
    It allows access to the instance's attributes and methods.
Q5. What is the purpose of the init method?
Ans.The __init__ method, also known as the constructor, is used to initialize the attributes of an instance when it is created.
Q6. What is the process for creating a class instance?
Ans.To create a class instance, you use the class name followed by parentheses, like this:
    class MyClass:
    pass
    obj = MyClass()  # Creating an instance of MyClass
Q7. What is the process for creating a class?
Ans.To create a class, you define it using the class keyword, followed by the class name and a colon, like this:
    class MyClass:
    pass
Q8. How would you define the superclasses of a class?
Ans.The superclasses of a class are the classes from which it inherits attributes and methods. 
    In Python, you specify superclasses in the class definition using parentheses.
Q9. What is the relationship between classes and modules?
Ans.Classes can be defined in modules, and modules provide a way to organize and reuse code.
    A class can be seen as a blueprint for creating objects, and modules can contain multiple classes and functions.
Q10.How do you make instances and classes?
Ans.To make instances, you create objects of a class using the class name followed by parentheses. To make classes, you define them using the class keyword.
Q11. Where and how should be class attributes created?
Ans.Class attributes are typically created within the class definition, outside of any methods, and are shared among all instances of the class.
Q12. Where and how are instance attributes created?
Ans.Instance attributes are created within the __init__ method of a class and are specific to each instance of the class.
Q13. What does the term "self" in a Python class mean?
Ans.In a Python class, the term "self" refers to the instance of the class itself.
     It is a conventionally used name for the first argument in instance methods and is used to access instance-specific attributes and methods.
Q14. How does a Python class handle operator overloading?
Ans.Python allows operator overloading by defining special methods with double underscores (e.g., __add__, __sub__) to customize the behavior of operators in class objects.
Q15. When do you consider allowing operator overloading of your classes?
Ans.Operator overloading should be considered when you want to provide custom behavior for operators in your class,
    making instances of the class work with operators just like built-in types.
Q16. What is the most popular form of operator overloading?
Ans.The most popular form of operator overloading is defining the __add__ and __str__ methods for custom addition and string representation.
Q17. What are the two most important concepts to grasp in order to comprehend Python OOP code?
Ans.The two most important concepts in Python OOP code are classes and objects, and the relationship between them through inheritance and encapsulation.
Q18. Describe three applications for exception processing.
Ans.Three applications for exception processing are error handling, robust program design, and graceful program termination.
Q19. What happens if you don't do something extra to treat an exception?
Ans. If you don't handle an exception, it will result in an unhandled exception traceback, and your program may terminate unexpectedly.
Q20. What are your options for recovering from an exception in your script?
Ans.Options for recovering from an exception include using try and except blocks to handle the exception gracefully,
    logging the exception for debugging, or raising a different exception.
Q21. Describe two methods for triggering exceptions in your script.
Ans.Two methods for triggering exceptions are using the raise statement to raise a specific exception and causing runtime errors (e.g., division by zero).
Q22. Identify two methods for specifying actions to be executed at termination time, regardless of  
    whether or not an exception exists.
Ans. Two methods for specifying actions to be executed at termination time, 
    regardless of whether or not an exception exists, are the finally block and using context managers with the with statement.
Q23. What is the purpose of the try statement?
Ans.The purpose of the try statement is to handle exceptions by providing a block of code that may raise exceptions, 
    and then specifying how to handle those exceptions using except or finally blocks.
Q24. What are the two most popular try statement variations?
Ans.The two most popular try statement variations are using except to catch specific exceptions and using finally to specify cleanup code that always runs.
Q25. What is the purpose of the raise statement?
Ans.The purpose of the raise statement is to raise a specific exception explicitly at a specific location in your code.
Q26. What does the assert statement do, and what other statement is it like?
Ans.The assert statement checks a condition, and if it is False, it raises an AssertionError. It is similar to an if statement but is used for debugging and testing.
Q27. What is the purpose of the with/as argument, and what other statement is it like?
Ans.The with/as argument is used for context management, allowing you to specify setup and cleanup actions to be performed before and after a block of code, 
    similar to the try/finally pattern.
Q28. What are *args, **kwargs?
Ans.*args and **kwargs are used for passing a variable number of non-keyword and keyword arguments, respectively, to functions.
Q29. How can I pass optional or keyword parameters from one function to another?
Ans.You can pass optional or keyword parameters from one function to another by accepting *args and **kwargs in the function definition and then passing them along when calling another function.
Q30. What are Lambda Functions?
Ans.Lambda functions are anonymous functions defined using the lambda keyword. They are used for creating small, simple functions without a formal def statement
Q31. Explain Inheritance in Python with an example?
Ans.Inheritance in Python allows a class to inherit attributes and methods from another class. Here's an example:
    class Animal:
    def speak(self):
        pass

    class Dog(Animal):
    def speak(self):
        return "Woof!"
Q32. Suppose class C inherits from classes A and B as class C(A,B).Classes A and B both have their own versions of method func(). If we call func() from an object of 
    class C, which version gets invoked?
Ans.If class C inherits from classes A and B as class C(A, B), and both A and B have their own versions of method func(),
    the version of func() from A is invoked first when called from an object of class C.
Q33. Which methods/functions do we use to determine the type of instance and inheritance?
Ans.To determine the type of an instance, you can use the type(instance) function. To check for inheritance, you can use the isinstance(instance, class) function.
Q34.Explain the use of the 'nonlocal' keyword in Python.
Ans.The nonlocal keyword in Python is used inside a nested function to indicate that a variable belongs to the nearest enclosing scope that is not global.
    It allows you to modify variables in the enclosing (but non-global) scope.
Q35. What is the global keyword?
Ans.The global keyword is used to declare a variable as global within a function, meaning it can be accessed and modified both inside and outside the function without creating a new local variable with the same name.
    Please note that these answers provide explanations for each question and may not include specific code examples for every question. If you have a specific question or need further clarification on any topic, please let me know.
